a relationship I think is is like a
shark you know it has to constantly move
forward or it dies and I think what we
got on our hands is a dead shark Woody
Allen I love what you're wearing oh you
do yeah oh well it's a this is a Tyson
present from Grammy Hall who Grammy
Grammy Hall's yeah my grandma you can't
want your kid would you do grow up in a
Norman Rockwell painting Diane Keaton
you don't want me to live with you I
don't want you to live with me how whose
idea was it mine yeah was it was yours
actually but uh and I approved it
immediately
Tony Roberts no one went to VPL VPL
visible panty line yeah she's a 10 max
that's great for you cuz you are used to
twos aren't you Carol Kane what's your
name
Allison who you like New York Jewish
left-wing liberal intellectual Central
Park West Brandeis University of the
socialist summer camps and the the
father with the bed Shan drawings right
and they really you know strike oriented
kind of flip dumb stopped me before I
think a complete imbecile in myself no
that was wonderful I love being reduced
to a cultural stereotype Paul Simon
we're gonna meet Jack and angelic and
have a drink there and if you'd like to
come we'd love to have you we can just
sit and talk nothing not a big deal it's
just relax just be very mellow I I don't
respond well to mellow you know I mean I
have tendency to I get to mellow I I R I
pin and then rot Shelley do how I was at
the Stones concert in Altamont when I
killed that guy remember yeah well you I
was I was at an Alice Cooper thing where
six people were rushed to the hospital
with bad vibes
Janet Margolin Colleen Dewhurst
Christopher Walken in the new Woody
Allen film
are you always funny okay what is this
an interview we're supposed to be making
love Annie Hall no that was the most fun
I've ever had without laughing Annie
Hall
you